Non-global terms declared as hints now generate a proxy constant. (#12493)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/proofs/automatic-tactics/auto.rst

      :n:`@one_term`
        Permits declaring a hint without declaring a new

>         constant first, but this is not recommended. The command first declares
>         the term as a local definition and then performs the above with the resulting
>         global reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        constant first, but this is not recommended. The command first declares
        the term as a local definition and then creates the hint with the resulting
        global reference.
```

Not entirely clear what "performs the above" refers to

   This command displays all hints from database :n:`@ident`.

.. flag:: Declare Hint Proxy

   .. deprecated:: 8.15

   When unset, the :cmd:`Hint Resolve` and :cmd:`Hint Immediate` commands will not
   declare a local definition if given terms that are not qualified

>    identifiers as arguments.

Author: Yes, but set is the default, so it's better to describe the behaviour w.r.t. to it.

>    identifiers as arguments.

Reviewer: Just add "The default is set."
